Log into this documentation page with a valid email to automatically receive a demo API key and be added to the demo environment. You'll then see this demo key automatically populated in these docs under the "Credentials" field on any endpoint page!

In this environment, you can run a limited number of content authentication calls through the API and monitor the status of those authentications by polling the Token GET endpoint.

When you're ready to test your application at a larger scale, contact the Yakoa team to coordinate a higher limit, dedicated subdomain, and more seamless web hook integration.

* * *

## About the demo environment   [Skip link to About the demo environment](https://docs.yakoa.io/reference/demo-environment\#about-the-demo-environment)

The demo environment has special limitations that make it great for testing, but less useful in a production setting.

- **Shared network space**


Every user in the demo environment shares a single network space. This means that anyone who knows your unique token identifiers can view the status of your authentications, and your content might be matched against other submissions to the demo environment as an in-network infringement, giving you some unexpected results.

- **Daily reset**


The demo environment clears out its content database at 12:00am UTC each day. This makes it easier for our users to retry the same tests each day, but means that your submitted content won't persist for infringement detection after the reset.


When you're ready to put things into production, or test at a larger scale, contact the Yakoa team.

Updated 13 days ago

* * *

Did this page help you?

Yes

No

Updated 13 days ago

* * *

Did this page help you?

Yes

No